good your aura car per course teacher
musical theater comes here to talk
about the musical theater course is an art
complete because it involves singing and
three teachers
working in the course
I work with the interpretation part
simone coelho coordinates the classes of
dance and the Azores coordinates the
singing lessons
musical theater is a market that grows
every day in Brazil it's very
important for those seeking the
professionalization but also for those who
want a fun activity for the
well-being because it works body voice and
come to know a class we
the amm
mendonça
the crowd feels neither deserves it
It's slow for you to stay at 5 million
with you
pet shop
joão ii